Paper is interesting, but the use of a cycloidal drive may
be more applicable to a different application.	This
current paper was useful for the physics of mechanical
speed reducers/torque multiplier family of mechanical
transmissions.	The data concluded for drive/transmission
efficiency, planetary gears were found to be the highest,
with cycloidal drives slightly better than harmonic drives.

However, harmonic drives are the de facto standard for many
mechanical transmissions due to their zero-backlash and
compact design.  This is great for manipulators for high
pointing applications.	The application your paper chose as
a reference is for torque multiplication for a rover wheel
drive for outdoor applications, which would not require
high pointing characteristics.	

It was not the focus of this paper, but wonder if a
cycloidal drive package would be more compact or lighter or
having less friction/stiction than a comparable harmonic
drive package.	Using the same dc motor, it would be
interesting to compare a cycloidal package with a
comparable harmonic drive package.  Many harmonic drive
systems utilize a simpler 100:1 gear ratio as opposed the
59:1 ration for the tested cycloidal drive, which may make
computation round-off an issue.  It was stated in this
paper that overall efficiency of the drive system could not
be isolated to transmission or motor.  A potential future
paper might be to understand the physics to discover
individual efficiency contributions to each component.

There is value in this work, but finding the proper
application would also strengthen the paper.  For example,
if this mechanical transmission is better than a harmonic
drive for say a wheeled application in a potentially  dusty
environment (lunar application), space (operations in
cryogenic temperatures or in conjunction with zero gravity
lubricants), or potentially underwater environment, would
be a practical contribution to cycloidal drives for robot
applications (it would be useful to know).  As another
example, maybe a cycloidal drive has better operational
properties after sitting in cold for a 14-day, lunar night.
 The technology might just need to find its niche
application in this field.  If cycloidal drives have
non-linearities for control, this transmission may be able
to overcome other short comings to become an advantage over
the common harmonic drive with respect to maybe shock, etc.

----------------------------------------
Comments on Video Attachment:

