Reviewer 2 of ICRA 2018 submission 987

Comments to the author
======================

The paper is an interesting discussion of some limited
cycloidal drive tests, but could be improved with more
details and less "adjective engineering" (e.g., in several
places the cycloidal drive is described as applicable for
applications accommodating "small backlash", but no
substantive definition of "small" is ever given). There are
numerous instances of this throughout the paper, where
adjectives (e.g., "small", "higher", "increases", "very")
are used in circumstances
where numerical values would be much more illuminating. 

The concept of a cycloidal drive is not well illustrated by
Figures 1 and 3, which are highly similar, and do not
convey the internal kinematics of the cycloidal drive. In
addition, the caption for Figure 3 refers to "ring pins"
which are not labeled anywhere on either image. Since the
central thesis of the paper is that cycloidal drives are
not generally used due to "lack of data that is available
about their operation", it would be beneficial to devote
some additional effort towards explaining the fundamentals,
particularly in terms of the role of the pins in
transferring torque into the output shaft. 

The paper investigates the point design of a cycloidal
gearing system for the steering actuator of a large rover.
While this is perfectly acceptable, the specific
application requires (relatively) low output shaft rates;
it would have been nice to address in the paper the
implications of input and output rotational speeds on the
applicability of the cycloidal drive. 

Section II presents a very brief overview of the design of
a cycloidal drive, using equations taken from reference
documents with little further explanation. It is clear that
this paper is too short to be useful as a design guide, but
the relations presented are not used later in the paper,
either to drive the experimental design or to explain
experimentally-observed phenomena. Honestly, given paper
page limits for this conference, this page could be
replaced by a paragraph referring to more expansive design
documents without impacting this paper at all. 

The experimental set-up is illustrated by an annotated
photograph. The description would be much more
understandable if Figure 4 were replaced with a system
block diagram of the experimental test apparatus. 

On pg. 4, second paragraph, the experimental analysis
approach separates out the cycloidal drive efficiency by
assuming motor efficiency by generic published data on
motor efficiency vs. speed and input current. Rather than
settling for "the error in the motor efficiency map is
assumed to be small," as a frameless motor the efficiency
is strongly influenced by the design and workmanship of the
specific installation, and some effort should have been
made to find a more rigorous method of isolating cycloidal
drive efficiency. Alternately, it might be more formally
correct to present the measured efficiency of the complete
unit rather than making the assumption that the published
motor efficiency curves are correct for all instantiations
of this motor. 

It is mentioned that the cycloidal drive was installed in
the wheel module of the robot and tested for three hours
prior to being removed for the bench top testing. It would
be very interesting to get more details on the results of
this installed testing, and why the module was removed with
so little run time.  Later in this paragraph there is a
description of the testing limits, and the fact that
testing conditions were altered to reflect the lack of
water cooling for the actuator for which it was designed.
While it's not surprising that water cooling was not
available for the unit when it was installed in the field,
it is surprising that water cooling could not be provided
for the laboratory testing if that was the design condition
for the unit. It also calls into question whether the
experimental results would have been markedly different if
the unit were run at full rated capacity, and/or if the
water cooling had been available. The next section, in
fact, starts with the fact that duty cycle testing had to
be run at lower forces to prevent actuator overheating. 

In the first line under Section V, the spelling "dependant"
is used for the noun form. In this sentence, it should be
"dependent", which is the correct form for the adjective,
as it is used here. 

Figure 8 shows the derived efficiency of the cycloidal
drive vs. an assumed equivalent gearing set based on
harmonic drives and planetary gears. At several points in
the text the phrase "if backlash is acceptable in the
system", but no quantitative level of backlash is
presented. It is quite likely that specific applications
have specific levels of acceptable backlash, but that data
is not presented here. Also, while the harmonic drive data
is referenced to a specific model number, the planetary
gearing data is only cited as "a representative planetary
efficiency curve from the engineers at Maxon Motor." No
further data is presented for this system, even as to the
number of stages (since it is unlikely that a 59:1 gear
ratio can be obtained from a single stage of planetary
gearing). Frankly, the planetary gear data is so much
better than either the harmonic or cycloidal drives that it
is unclear why a designer would choose anything else within
the limits of the discussion in this paper. The data set
for planetary gearing is so poorly specified that the paper
would be improved by omitting it, since the discussion is
solely focused on harmonics vs. cycloidal systems. 

There was some substantial discussion of break-in and
assertions that the final levels of efficiency are due to
break-in of the parts, with wear eliminating manufacturing
defects or other asymmetries in the parts. If so, this
should have been borne out by inspection of the component
following a tear-down at the end of the testing; however,
there is no sign that this was done. Without this sort of
close examination, the assertion of wear-in as the
mechanism behind the observed trend is speculative at best.


The paper is interesting and the application of the
cycloidal drive is intriguing, but given that the concept
has been around for more than 60 years, it is hard to
believe that this is the only instance of experimental
verification of cycloidal drive performance. I would
encourage the authors to do additional literature searches,
and perhaps include references to prior experimental
testing of cycloidal drives for completeness of their
paper. 